Typography documentation page (#488)
wix/wix-ui-tpa: docs/COMPONENT_GUIDELINES.md

* `wix-ui-tpa` are rendered for Wix's users-of-users, and so they must comply with web accessibility
 principles.
 
 ## Typography

>  When creating a new component that renders text, we should in most cases use the `<Text/>` component with the correct props and style.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 When creating a new component that renders text, simply use the `<Text/>` component. It already contains pre-defined style variants. simply follow it's API in the documentation page
```

Author: Unfortunately the `Text` element is old and can't be easily extended.
I prefer to use the current solution, and once we fix the Text element we will update this doc

>  In some cases we might need to use a typography that isn't defined in the `<Text/>` component.  
>  In this case, we rely on the style processor's syntax, to ensure we get the correct font from the viewer.

Reviewer: Do you mean here for cases that you wish to connect the text to the user's choice? if so, then I'd simply write:
```suggestion
If a specific text needs to be configurable (e.g. by a user, or for a different variation), you are advised to use the `style-processor` syntax for customing fonts (see example below)
```

And then add a simple example of how to extend the component

Author: Not exactly what I meant

>  ### How it works

Reviewer: I find this section a bit confusing.
As a consumer - I'd expect the simple example of how to extend the Text component and right afterward a link to the style processor repo. Also, consider pointing to https://github.com/wix-incubator/tpa-style-webpack-plugin.

If you want to have a section that talks about how the style-processor works, I wouldn't mix it here in the typography but have a different file

Author: This isn't a consumer doc.
I moved the original doc in the PR to here, to the contribution documentation

Author: the whole purpose of this task was to clarify the way we write fonts when contributing

 We use the [style processor's syntax](https://github.com/wix/wix-style-processor) to get our components wired correctly:  
 The platform (viewer/editor) references the different fonts by a theme name, such as `Body-M` for paragraph text, and `Heading-L` for titles.  
 To use these fonts we write for instance:
 ```css
:import {

>   -st-from: "src/common/formatters.st.js";

Reviewer: This is internally in the library. how do we expect consumers to use it? is it even exported?

Author: This is part of the contribution guide, and not a consumer guide.
Formatters are exported, but this is an example for internal use

  -st-named: font;
}

.myClass {

>   font: font({theme: 'Body-M', size: '16px', weight: 'bold'});

Reviewer: don't you need to extend the `<Text/>`  component?

Author: I wish, but it doesn't work well at the moment, and it's not optimized for better performance.
